Added a note to page (#9646)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-application-control/event-id-explanations.md

|--------|-----------|
| 8028 | Audit script/MSI file generated by Windows LockDown Policy (WLDP) being called by the script hosts themselves. Note: there is no WDAC enforcement on third-party script hosts. |
| 8029 | Block script/MSI file |

> | 8036| COM object was blocked. Learn more about COM object authorization: Allow COM object registration in a WDAC policy (Windows 10) - Windows security - Microsoft Docs |

Reviewer: The Allow COM object registration .. is supposed to be a hyperlink

Reviewer 2: Thank you, found it, it is a parallel document in the same directory as this file:
```suggestion
| 8036 | COM object was blocked. Learn more about COM object authorization: [Allow COM object registration in a WDAC policy (Windows 10)](allow-com-object-registration-in-windows-defender-application-control-policy.md) |
```
(also: keep the same spacing as the line before & after)

Reviewer 2: Links to the document in question:
- https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-application-control/allow-com-object-registration-in-windows-defender-application-control-policy
- https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs/blob/public/windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-application-control/allow-com-object-registration-in-windows-defender-application-control-policy.md

> | 8036| COM object was blocked. Learn more about COM object authorization: [Allow COM object registration in a WDAC policy (Windows 10) - Windows security - Microsoft Docs](allow-com-object-registration-in-windows-defender-application-control-policy). |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| 8036| COM object was blocked. To learn more about COM object authorization, see [Allow COM object registration in a Windows Defender Application Control policy](/windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-application-control/allow-com-object-registration-in-windows-defender-application-control-policy). |
```

| 3082 | If the policy was in enforced mode, the non-WHQL driver would have been denied by the policy. | 
| 3084 | Code Integrity will enforce the WHQL Required policy setting on this session. |
| 3085 | Code Integrity will not enforce the WHQL Required policy setting on this session. |

> | 3086 | The file under validation does not meet the signing requirements for an IUM (isolated user mode) process. |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| 3086 | The file under validation does not meet the signing requirements for an isolated user mode (IUM) process. |
```
